feature: configurable list branches and list prs timeouts CY-4914 (#699)
codacy/chart: README.md

| `global.workerManager.workers.config.analysis.pluginTimeout.max` | Maximum plugin timeout value in seconds                                                                      | `900`                                        |
| `global.workers.config.dedicatedMax`               | Number of concurrent worker pod instances                                                                    | `5`                                          |
| `global.workers.config.inactivityTimeout`          | Inactivity timeout for a worker                                                                              | `30`                                         |

> | `global.git.branchListTimeoutSeconds`          | Inactivity timeout for listing branches in git                                                                              | `30`                                         |
> | `global.git.pullRequestListTimeoutSeconds`          | Inactivity timeout for listing pull requests in a git provider                                                                              | `30`                                         |

Reviewer: Paulo would be the ideal person here, but here it goes a suggestion

```suggestion
| `global.git.branchListTimeoutSeconds`          | Number of seconds before listing branches in git times out                                                                              | `30`                                         |
| `global.git.pullRequestListTimeoutSeconds`          | Number of seconds before listing pull requests in a git provider times out                                                                              | `30`                                         |
```

OR

```suggestion
| `global.git.branchListTimeoutSeconds`          | Timeout in seconds for listing branches in git times out                                                                              | `30`                                         |
| `global.git.pullRequestListTimeoutSeconds`          | Timeout in seconds for listing pull requests in a git provider times out                                                                              | `30`                                         |
```
